Low life, high tech. So presumably a world where life is cheap and corrupt corporations spend them freely. Hacker heroes and street samurai. Dirty cities and dirtier cops. Maybe a true AI or two. Space ships. Captains and their crews plying the space lanes, exploring unknown planets, securing trade routes and dealing with border tensions. Maybe there'll be some power armor. Maybe it'll go all the way up to mechs. Or this could forego the planetbound action and focus on the might warships of the far future, dueling among the stars. Humanity could be waging war against countless alien species or the action could revolve around tensions between Earth and the colonies. But it'll have technology beyond what we can do right now, like spaceships and nanobots and lasers. So magic isn't exactly common or taken seriously, you aren't likely to run into a dwarf or elf on a street corner, and there aren't that many dragons to slay. But there is a little bit of magic in the world. A wizard in every city, whole kingdoms of elves, dwarves, and orcs. Dragons with their hordes just begging for some adventurers to try and seize their treasure. Point is, there's magic about and it's fairly common. The world is pretty fantastical. A faux-Victorian aesthetic with some fantastical devices thrown in. Steampower's a big one, but there may be stuff like electricity doing things it can't actually do, or maybe even a little drop of actual magic. Hopefully this doesn't turn into just being about posh tossers buggering about on airships. And remember, this was an age of imperialism, so the protagonist could be a native of one of the colonies that's being oppressed by these smug bastards from overseas. So maybe a story about how the underclass reacts to all these snobby fuckers gallivanting around on their whimsical steam contraptions. Spooky things, creepy things, maybe a haunted house or two. A nice scary story to curl up with when you're all alone at night. Maybe with a few mysterious creaks or suspicious scratching to keep you company. Terrorism plots or serial killers. Crime fiction. Two people who fall in love. Presumably with each other. Maybe sexy stuff. The protagonist could be captaining something like a pirate radio ship, broadcasting a darknet for hackers and the downtrodden. Make the protagonist a fairly legitimate businessperson working for one of the corrupt megacorps. Doing shipping or something. An intrepid captain of a majestic spaceship buggering around deep space. The protagonist as the commander of a space warship, fighting in the vast darkness of space. Running and/or enforcing blockades, patrolling trade routes and such. So the protagonist is the captain of some kind of vessel, but it doesn't necessarily have to be a spaceship. A story about the future of naval ships could be pretty good. Or maybe it's a post-apocalypse setting and we follow the story of the captain of one of the few remaining vessels afloat after the bombs drop. This is low fantasy there probably won't be that many mermaids, though there could be some. Maybe the protagonist is hunting a sea dragon or a leviathan or something and the crew is all skeptical-like. A little bit like Moby Dick, but hopefully without all the details on whaling. And hopefully you don't just want Moby Dick except the whale is a dragon. Since there's probably a lot of magic involved in this story it's safe to make the 'vessel' the protagonist is captaining a magical one. Like a galleon held aloft by faeries or something. Maybe instead of sails there are wizards. And the protagonist makes a living by hunting sea dragons. The vessel in question could be an airship. And of course there's the possibility that this is a crew of airship pirates. But if you want to move away from the cliches we could make the protagonist the captain of an actual seafaring vessel. And there's a hilarious rivalry between naval captains and air captains. So, the captain of some kind of fantasy ship. Maybe fantasy pirates. Orc pirates or something. And they could just be sailing the seas according to a treasure map the protagonist has, or maybe the protagonist has a quarrel with a specific sea beast that they are hunting down. Or the protagonist's vessel is in the service of the monarch and has official duties to perform, such as hunting down Orc pirates. There's the captain of this boat (by which I mean ship) and the ship gets attacked by pirates. And then the captain has to deal with them. Maybe the ship is needed to covertly infiltrate some special forces guys somewhere and drama happens. Or maybe the captain is a pirate. A ship's captain in a horror story. Horror on the high seas, a mysterious passenger and/or cargo. Something stalking the decks at night. A tale of romance on the water. The captain and a passenger falling in love on a cruise. Or maybe the captain is land bound for the story and the whole ship thing colors the protagonist's worldview. So there's this character in high school who is also the captain of a ship. Maybe the school is on the ship but then one of the students is the captain so are they also the principal. There's some big corporation keeping dirty secrets and our inquisitive hero must uncover them. Or it could be a hacker group with these secrets. These secrets may or may not relate to some rogue AI. The protagonist could be a cyborg, or an AI themself. After all, what better way to ferret out information than by being plugged, possibly literally, into the biggest information network on the planet. The detective is on a little spaceship zippin' around space, hot on the trail of some big detective thing. Like what happened to some famous space captain or something. Or trying to find a planet made of solid gold. There's some big or small mystery in space and the protagonist is going to get to the bottom of it. The detective could actually be military police that's trying to get to the bottom of a crime possibly committed by a member of the armed forces. In space. The protagonist doesn't even have to be human for this one. Having the protagonist be an alien, but how about having the story follow an AI or just a cyborg. After all, what better way to ferret out information than by being plugged possibly literally into the information network of a whole planet/system/galaxy. There normally isn't a lot of magic around. The protagonist is someone who investigates mysteries for a living they could be hired to look into rumors of something magical. Maybe they're afraid of what this could mean, or they're excited because of the stories they've heard regarding magic, high adventure. How about a wizard calls upon the hero for help finding something magical. Or adventurers can be a kind of detective. Maybe they're adventuring to solve a great mystery or something. A detective in an age of steam-powered marvels, okay. Lots of places we can go with this. Perhaps an important inventor has gone missing and the protagonist has gone to track them down. Is the professor's disappearance related to what they've been working on recently, or have they been secreted away to work on some nefarious project. The protagonist is some kind of detective. Maybe they're an actual police detective hot on the trail of a serial killer. Or the protagonist is investigating a mysterious death that leads them into some kind of conspiracy. A detective investigating a horrific mystery. Maybe the bodies are piling up and the protagonist needs to get to the bottom of it. Or maybe there's just something wrong with the old house down the road, and our hero has been hired to investigate. Maybe they're skeptical at first. At least, until they start hearing things in the night. A detective out to solve the mystery of true love. The detective gets hired to follow someone around by a suspicious spouse and ends up falling in love with them. The protagonist is some goddamn plucky teen who solves mysteries for their classmates. Some kind of warrior in a cyberpunk setting. So street samurai. Doing dirty work for criminal groups, disposing of difficult people, that kind of thing. Or the protagonist could be a mercenary working for one of the megacorps, doing security stuff or brutally enforcing copyright laws. Make the protagonist a cyborg. There'd be all kinds of combat augmentations in a dystopian cyberpunk future, and it makes sense for the protagonist to be kitted out with whatever they (or their employers) can afford. Some kind of space marine. Part of a security detail aboard a starship as it explores the uncharted depths of space. The brave protagonist gets sent down as part of whatever missions need to be performed as part of the ship's mission. So the protagonist is a soldier in a genre that features a lot of soldiers. This story is about our soldier protagonist doing soldiery things. Possibly in space, possibly with aliens. So there could be hovertanks, powered armor, make the protagonist a hot-blooded mech pilot. And that's not even taking into account the weirder stuff like nanobots and stuff. Like cyborgs. The first is a soldier or guard of some kind. Town watch, palace guard, knight of the realm, that kind of thing. Maybe has a family in the city they're guarding. Of course, the other kind is the roving adventurer type. Wandering 'cross the land in search of adventure, possibly in the company of similar miscreants. Maybe founding a kingdom or two, inciting a few revolutions. The obvious option is to go for airship pirate. Prowling the skies hunting for booty. Alternatively, a soldier in an army that incorporates wondrous steam-powered machines of war. Like, steam-powered mechs. And there could be class tension between the enlisted soldiers and the officers. Or stick with sky pirates. Mutinies and stuff. Warrior could mean soldier, but it could be more of a mercenary or a bounty hunter when it comes to thrillers. Possibly special forces. The protagonist of this little horror story could be like a soldier or something. Focus on the horrors of warfare. Plenty of material for a horror story there. Or maybe the protagonist recently came back from a deployment and is still haunted by something from over there. Possibly literally. So the protagonist is a soldier in a story of love torn asunder by warfare. The protagonist is a soldier who has been sent on deployment, separating them from their loved one. For an added twist, maybe the protagonist and their loved one are soldiers, but on different deployments. So they're separated, and possibly the inherent danger of combat for all parties involved in this little romance. Or the protagonist and the romantic interest could be on opposing sides of the conflict. Will the protagonist's love or their sense of duty win out. So the protagonist is some kind of warrior, like a soldier or something, but in a genre that can be defined as high school drama. The protagonist could be a student at some kinda military school. Because there's a school environment, but there's the soldier-y vibe to everything. The story could about an almost-regular high school but there's some big school competition that revolves around warfare. There's no way a magic person could fit into a cyberpunk story. The humble hacker as the magician of cyberpunk. Considering that the world of cyberpunk is all connected, and hackers have the ability to manipulate those connections, it seems like a natural connection to make. So our protagonist is a hacker. Doing standard hacker things, like stealing corporate secrets, using their control of the world around them to achieve their goals. Sounds pretty magical. So, while outright magic may not gel so well with the genre, there is that saying about sufficiently advanced technology. So maybe the protagonist has come into contact with ancient and powerful alien artifacts and now has powers beyond people's understanding. So maybe the protagonist now searches the galaxy to understand their new existence. Or if that's too intense, the protagonist could just have psychic powers (magic's more acceptable in science ficiton if you call it psychics, see). Now, psycics could be rare, so the protagonist's talents are pretty unique, or psychic abilities could be a documented phenomenon, so the protagonist's had training in how to use these abilities. Maybe the protagonist is even part of some government corps of psychics. A magician in a military science fiction story. So the cool thing is we can put that in a military setting and we have psychic soldiers. So there's the obvious route of reading enemy minds to discover secrets, as part of interrogations and the like. But that could be inverted and have the psychics project demoralizing thoughts to the enemy during battles. And of course there's the obvious applications of telekinesis and pyrokinesis to consider. So anyway the protagonist is one of these special soldiers and they do psychic stuff. Since this is low fantasy, the protagonist is one of the few magic-users in the world. Maybe their talents are highly sought after, with many people seeking magical solutions to their problems. Or maybe their abilities are considered unnatural, maybe even heretical, and at least some authorities are trying to hunt the protagonist down. There's also room for the protagonist to angst about how no one really understands the burden that their abilities places on them. A magic-user is right at home in a fantasy story. Especially a high fantasy story. So, there's the obvious route of having this magical protagonist being a part of some adventuring troupe, lending their magical abilities to a group of miscreants in search of fame and loot. Maybe the protagonist is searching for some very specific, magical loot. Some ancient artifact of great power. Or maybe the protagonist is on a personal quest, some task from a high council of magic-users to prove themself ready for some lofty position among the magicians of the realm. And perhaps, along the way, and with some encouragement from their adventuring friends, the protagonist realizes that they don't need to worry about this trial, that they are happy just gallivanting around with their newfound friends. Aren't the mad scientists who come up with crazy steam-powered devices basically the magicians of steampunk. They do bizarre things with forces other people barely understand. It could be steam, it could be electricity, we could invent some magical crystal-based power source to spice things up a bit. Steampunk nuclear power. Or they could be a true magician. It's okay to have actual magic-users in steampunk. If you look at it the right way, there's something a little magical about this whole computer network thing we've got going on right now. So magician in a thriller context can mean a computer hacker. Make the protagonist of this story a computer hacker. Then extrapolate a plot that revolves around the protagonist using their magical powers to solve or maybe perpetrate some kind of computer-based conspiracy/terrorism plot. Of course, this runs the risk of being too unrealistic re: what computers can and can't do.. So a magic-user dealing with horror. With the protagonist's magical aptitude, they could be ideally suited to being something like a professional exorcist, being hired by people to deal with their supernatural problems. Poltergeist infesting your home? Call the protagonist. Neighbor is a vampire? Call the protagonist. Worried you or your family may have been cursed? Call the protagonist. Or, for a little more horror in the story, the protagonist could be a magician dealing with the horrific consequences of something they've done wrong. Maybe they accidentally unleashed something as the result of a botched spell, and now have to find some way to send it back where it belongs. So we could have a story about a not-too competent magician in a battle of wits with something beyond the comprehension of mortals. The protagonist is someone who wields the power of love. For what greater magic is there than love. So let's see, we could have the magical protagonist attempting to seduce the object of their affections through love potions and the like. And of course there's this big moral crisis about whether what they're doing is right. So at the end they let their crush decide for themself about whether their feelings for the protagonist are reciprocated. For a more lighthearted take, how about if both the protagonist and the love interest are magicians each trying to win the affections of the other, neither realizing that the other already feels the same way about them. So a magical protagonist in a story that involves something like high school. Or the protagonist could be the only magical person in a school full of mortal people. There's room for hijinks there. What kind of person makes up the aristocracy of the dystopian corporate-owned cyberpunk retrofuture. Important members of the corporations. VPs, board members, the protagonist could even be a CEO. This wouldn't make the protagonist a very nice person. All they care about is profit, and they're more than willing to grind down those beneath them to get it. So this could be a cyberpunk story told from the other side, a story of a corporation dealing with the unwashed masses. Or maybe a young, optimistic protagonist with a heart of gold who is desperately trying to change the corporation's heartless ways. So there's a couple of options for an aristocrat in a space opera. The protagonist could be one of the bridge officers of a starship, maybe even the captain. Someone with authority, but also a duty to those below them, but also a responsibility to those above them. Or this particular space opera could have a few anachronisms, such as feudal titles. So the protagonist could really be a member of the space-aristocracy, with a spaceship and a compliment of serfs. But of course, that would make them a target for nefarious space pirates, hoping to ransom the protagonist to their family for a large sum. Alright, so aristocracy in a military science fiction context refers to the members of the officer corps. So the protagonist is someone with authority in the military hierarchy of the future.But with authority comes responsibility, so there could definitely be some tension regarding how the protagonist's decisions reflect those under their command. There's a lot of possibilities for what the aristocracy could look like in science fiction. If you want science fiction that's a little closer to what the world looks like today, aristocracy could refer to corporate oligarchs, or galactic senators or something. Or this science fiction society could incorporate some feudal anachronisms and have actual aristocrats in space. Bickering family politics, heirs and inheritance, that sort of thing. But this is science fiction, so nobility could evolve into strange new forms that haven't been seen before. Where once a family's prestige could be tied to land, if we add spacefaring technology, prestige could be based on how many starships a family has. The grand dynasties with their huge armadas. Though this doesn't rule out the whole landed gentry thing either. Powerful families holding complete dominion over frontier colonies and asteroid mining operations. The protagonist is a feudal-type aristocrat, literally lording it over the peasants. Of course, there are problems in the protagonist's demense. And because this is fantasy, these problems could be of a fantastical nature. Maybe there is a dragon rampaging around and, as the lord of this part of the country, it is the protagonist's responsibility to negotiate with a group of adventurers for an appropriate award for slaying this beast. Or maybe the protagonist is a little more noble than that, an actual member of the royal family who uncovers a plot in the halls of power. Alternatively, the protagonist could be some kind of magical noble, like a magic-user on the council that's supposed to govern all the uses of magic in the land. So the protagonist could be some kind of faux-Victorian era aristocrat. One of those posh tossers who dick around throwing fancy parties on elaborate airships. Maybe involved in the running of a colonial province. Oppressing the lower classes, even if they're not conscious of it. But, perhaps there is hope for the misguided protagonist. Maybe this story is about how they come to realize the horrible inequality the system perpetuates, and the protagonist decides to use their powers for good. Or maybe the protagonist remains an insufferable prick until they're put up against the wall by the revolution fermenting among the underclasses. An aristocrat in a thriller story would be some kind of CEO or politician. So this story could revolve around the protagonist being kidnapped as part of some plot by some nasty people. Hopefully the protagonist is plucky and resourceful enough or the bad guys are incompetent enough so that the protagonist isn't completely helpless in this position maybe the protagonist has some supernatural help. Or maybe the victim is a member of the protagonist's family and the protagonist decides to get revenge on anyone who would dare do this to someone they care about. Maybe the protagonist finds out about a conspiracy that's been going on under their nose. Then the protagonist feels that it is their duty to get to the bottom of it. Or the protagonist could be the one up to no good and the story revolves around them trying to keep their dealings secret. So someone in a privileged position, unaware of what horrific events are about to befall them. Maybe the protagonist is due for some karmic retribution for their selfish, hedonistic ways. Perhaps the company that the protagonist runs has recently moved expanded its operations onto some new land, and the prospectors have found something they don't understand, but think can be used to turn a profit. But maybe this thing has ideas of its own. Or for something more mundane, maybe the protagonist's corporation has made some scary enemies. Enemies who are willing to go a bit further than usual to get what they want. An awful person so secure in their superiority horrifically cast down and finding that all their power isn't actually good for much. So the protagonist must manage both their responsibilities as someone above the common people and their growing attraction to one of those common people. So modern-day nobles are basically people high-up in corporations or government. So a romance story revolving around the love life of this CEO or something. And romance happens, I guess. Maybe they have to choose between their job and their love. So this story is about some kind of aristocratic person in high school. So a rich upperclassman. Maybe the story could revolve around the protagonist noticing things. The protagonist is an unlicensed cybernetics surgeon running a dirty clinic in the neon ghetto, grafting black-market cybernetics onto rebellious street samurai. Where does the protagonist get their supply? What happens if it gets cut off? What if one of the big cybernetics corporations decides to look into the sudden influx of people sporting unlicensed versions of their products? What if the protagonist isn't all that honorable and palmed shoddy hardware off onto a now very angry client? The protagonist is the sawbones on a starship exploring the deep reaches of space and needs to treat all the members of the crew who come back to the ship with alien aliments. And then there are the times when the protagonist needs to be part of the away team to help sick aliens or perform alien autopsies. So the protagonist is a space marine medic running around patching up their comrades on the battlefield. Or maybe the protagonist doesn't get deployed to the battlefields and instead hangs behind the lines, dealing with wounded from the front. The enemy starts deploying a targeted virus against the protagonist's species and the protagonist, being a doctor, is part of the team trying to find a cure. So the protagonist is a doctor dealing with science fictional ailments. Like sick and/or injured aliens or some kind of nanomachine plague. Or the protagonist is some kind of cybersurgeon fixing up robots and/or cyborgs. So the protagonist is a low fantasy doctor, like maybe a court physician, which allows for the possibility of conspiracy and intrigue. Or the protagonist could be a surgeon going along with an army or mercenary company. Meaning they would have to deal with combat-related injuries and the colorful assortment of diseases that accumulates around soldiers in camp, especially with primitive medical practices. Alternatively, the protagonist could be an apothecary who mixes potions and herbal remedies to sell to those foolhardy enough to risk themselves in search of loot. A doctor in high fantasy could be a cleric of the deity of healing, offering their services to those in need. Or maybe they could do it for profit. Or the protagonist could be wandering around with a group of adventurers. Maybe the protagonist has their own personal quest to find some holy artifact of their deity. The protagonist is the long-suffering sawbones on a pirate airship whose job is to treat all the members of the crew who come back with injuries from prowling the skies. As an alternative, the protagonist could be a doctor with a heart of gold, running a clinic in the slums of one of the big polluted cities. Or maybe the protagonist doesn't have a heart of gold. So the protagonist is a coroner who finds something suspicious on/in a corpse. This puts the protagonist in the sights of a shadowy organization. Cue high-intensity chase scenes and the protagonist trying to figure out what the hell's going on. The plot could revolve around some bioterror attack and the protagonist, being a doctor, gets called in to help resolve the issue. Protagonist is a doctor working in a hospital and people start coming in with human bite wounds and complaining of fever. Bodies start reanimating, the hospital is quarantined or the infection spreads into the city. There's other horror tropes that relate to diseases, too, like vampires and werewolves. Victims of either or both could end up in hospital and begin to turn. Maybe the protagonist, or one of the protagonist's colleagues, thinks they've stumbled onto some new way to heal people. Except the patients are being healed wrong. A romantic doctor sure to make your heart flutter. But a story of romance between doctor and patient. Does the patient stay in the protagonist's hospital for the entire duration of the journey, perhaps succumbing to their illness at the end? Or does the love interest recover without complications and get checked out of the hospital, leaving the protagonist's heart to ache for when they will see this person again? Maybe the protagonist starts to think that they'll see the patient again, if only there were some reason for them to go to hospital. Or the romance could be between doctors instead of doctor and patient. The protagonist could be the school nurse, or the protagonist could be a supergenius teenager with a medical degree. But a high school drama from the perspective of the school nurse could be cool. The protagonist is a writer in a futuristic cyberpunk dystopia. They could be writing something about the bizarre subcultures springing up in the cracks, getting on the street to investigate first-hand what these subcultures actually entail. Or maybe the protagonist already belongs to one of these subcultures and edits an underground newspaper dedicated to revealing the corporations' lies. There's also the potential to make the protagonist a corporate spin-doctor, putting out propaganda to control the damage done by information leaked by hackers. And there we have room for the protagonist to have a moral crisis about whether it's right to keep covering up the abuses the company perpetrates in pursiuit of profit. The protagonist could be writing a book about the wonders of the universe, and in order to do research they decide to join the crew of an exploratory starship, flitting around unknown space and making discoveries. How will the crew react to this stranger in their midst? Will the protagonist be able to pull their weight? Will the protagonist be so enamored by this space faring lifestyle that they decide to forsake writing and take up a permanent position among the crew? A writer involved in military science fiction could be an embedded reporter, moving with a military unit and sending reports of their battles back home to be broadcast by news outlets. Or the protagonist could be on the other end, someone who receives reports from the front lines that aren't necessarily good news. The protagonist then has to spin the stories into propaganda so it looks like our side is winning. Or it could even be the protagonist's job to try and justify the war. And then, of course, the protagonist comes into conflict with their boss over whether what they're doing is right or not. There's plenty for the science fictional protagonist to write about, like aliens. The protagonist could be a reporter sent to document first contact with an alien species. Or the protagonist could be a political reporter embedded at an embassy on an alien world, reporting on galactic politics. Or the protagonist could be writing a history of robots or something and goes around interviewing prominent roboticists or maybe even some of the surviving first-generation AIs for their memories of the early days of sentience. Considering usual fantasy tropes, the writer protagonist could be a scribe or clerk. People didn't go around straight-up writing books in those days. So the story could follow the life of someone dealing with the beureaucratic minutiae of a fantasy realm. Or the protagonist could be a historian. The leading historian in a recently conquered kingdom, assigned to chronicle the conquest by the new king. Does the protagonist meekly go along with this, out of fear for their own life, or do they do what they can to rebel The protagonist could be documenting some ancient civilization. So they'd need to go on expeditions to mysterious ruins, perhaps necessitating hiring a band of scruffy adventurers for protection. The protagonist could instead be a bard or skald. Someone who travels around writing sagas about epic deeds. Maybe the protagonist follows one particular person around, documenting their adventures. Maybe they fall in love. For a steampunk author, the protagonist could be the editor of a newspaper, reporting on fantastic new discoveries made by the world's mad professors. The protagonist could be writing a biography about one of the more noteable explorers/inventors and so follows their subject around as adventures happen. Or maybe the protagonist edits an underground newspaper dedicated to inciting the lower classes to revolt against the corrupt aristocracy. A writer protagonist in a thriller story could be a journalist who gets wind of the wrong story and finds themself in the sights of some shadowy organization. So the protagonist has to avoid the people who want them dead while trying to get to the bottom of the story they were on to. Or, for what could be a more whimsical and a little more meta take, the protagonist could be a novelist writing a conspiracy novel which is a little too close to the truth. The government or whoever catches wind of this and the protagonist is sucked into a shadowy world of secrets. There's always the idea that the writer moves to a new place in search of inspiration and ends up becoming possessed by some force beyond their control. Maybe, for a little bit of meta, the writer is a novelist who is doing research for a horror story and gets in a little too deep. Or, for something less supernatural, there's always the idea of the writer protagonist being stalked by a murderous fan. The protagonist could be a journalist who gets dangerously close to a story. Again, what that entails depends on how much you like the supernatural in your horror stories. The protagonist is a writer of flowery poetry trying to attract the attention of their beloved. The protagonist is a writer slowly going insane over their growing infatuation with someone who doesn't pay any attention to them. And this madness could lead the protagonist down a very dark path indeed. The protagonist writes a whole story about someone they are interested in, and the love interest really likes the book and then romantic comedy happens. A writer in a high school drama. A student who writes for the school newspaper. A wannabe journalist-type who slinks around the school looking for scoops on their classmates. Maybe the school has some secret that the protagonist stumbles upon. Or, instead of a journalist, the protagonist could be an aspiring novelist. A student in a cyberpunk dystopia. If they are a member of the poor unwashed masses being ground under the profit-seeking heel of the corporations, the protagonist could be a student by day and a hacker by night. Attending a run-down school in some neon ghetto and then infiltrating supposedly secure corporate networks in between homework assignments. If the protagonist is the offspring of one of the corporate oligarchs then they would attend a school where they are surrounded by similarly privileged individuals. Maybe the protagonist encounters someone from the lower classes and this chance meeting shakes up the protagonist's worldview, causing them to agitate for change and become a rebel at school. The protagonist could be learning to captain a starship. Well, not necessarily becoming the captain, they could be an engineering or science officer in training. Anything involving the functioning of a starship. The story follows the protagonist as they go through this training program. This could involve actual jaunts on a starship, where any number of things could go wrong. So a student involved in military science fiction. The protagonist is going through boot camp or officer school. There doesn't even need to be combat. Just a story portraying what it could be like learning to be a soldier in the future. The protagonist's school could come under attack and they could find themself thrust into the situations they've been training for, but not fully prepared. What kind of things will the students of the future learn? Maybe our protagonist is learning to pilot a spaceship, or a mech. Or classes on how to interact with the myriad alien species in the galaxy. The school could be a place where members of all species go to get educated. So like a high school drama, but full of aliens. And the school could indirectly feel the result of political developments in the galaxy, like fights in the student body caused by one species declaring war on another. Or the story could start off as a regular high school drama, but then it is revealed that aliens have infiltrated the school because reasons. The protagonist would only really be able to be a student if they were training to be a clerk or a monk or something. The protagonist could be a student at a school for adventurers. Like, each class of adventurer has a different curriculum and they get sent on field trips that are actual adventures overseen by the teachers. The most studious characters in fantasy tend to be magic-users, so the protagonist could be a student at a magic school. Well, following the adventures of a student at a steampunk, Victorian-esque school could be cool. So, like, teenaged drama mixed with weird steam-powered inventions. Maybe the protagonist is from the upper classes and has a bit of a rebellious streak. Or the protagonist could be a student studying under an adventurous inventor, learning the ways of steam and voltaic fluid, going on expeditions to test new inventions or discover exotic lands. Maybe the protagonist is a brilliant mathematician who has a professor secretly doing cryptography work for some shadowy organization. So the professor needs the protagonist's help to crack or invent some code, but they're trying to keep the protagonist in the dark about what they're really working on. The protagonist is a secret agent in training, whose first assignment turns out to me more intense than anyone anticipated. There's always the possibility that the school holds some dark secret. Maybe there's a boiler room that everyone's afraid to go into. Maybe something has been unleashed and some of the students are starting to change. Or perhaps it's the teachers that have changed. Do the other students notice it? Where will the protagonist turn to for help? A tale of young sweethearts and high school romance. Or maybe the protagonist's love interest isn't another student. Maybe a forbidden and/or creepy romance between teacher and student. Or perhaps the protagonist and the love interest don't go to the same school, and that causes problems. So a student in a story about a school. Housewife is the best blanket term for a person who's married and spends most of the time focusing on domestic life. Or maybe they have a job that's too mundane to list separately, like an accountant or something. Domestic life in the dystopian cyberpunk retrofuture. Maybe the protagonist and their spouse are helpless peons in the employ of one of the faceless corporate-states. And, I know I said 'housewife', but I kinda like the idea of both of them needing jobs because the megacorps don't pay enough to keep a family above the poverty line. Maybe their tyrannical corporate employers force the protagonist and their spouse to get cybernetic augmentations for their jobs. And then maybe the protagonist and/or their spouse get caught up in a plot by some real cyber-punks to destabilize one of their corporate overlords. Do both the downtrodden protagonist and their equally downtrodden spouse really want to go along with this? What if only one of them believes in the plot? What if one of them is a corporate sell-out. It's time to figure out what a domestic spouse in a space opera would be like. The protagonist could totally have a job. Like, some bureaucratic position on a space station. The protagonist isn't one of the people flying around space having space adventures, maybe they retired from that. As for the actual plot, make the protagonist's spouse one of those intrepid space captain types. So the story could least starts with the protagonist at home, maybe with the children, and their spouse away doing adventuring things. Will said spouse make it back safely? Or will something happen to them while away, and will the protagonist decide to go adventuring themself to save their beloved? Maybe rescue them from nefarious space pirates? But the story doesn't have to be that adventurous. It could just focus on episodes in the daily domestic life of the spouse of a space captain, waiting for their love to return. And then, at the very end, the a certain ship docks at the space port. Military SF generally focuses on the people actually doing the military stuff. So the protagonist is the science fiction equivalent of an army spouse, whose beloved is away fighting alien wars. Possibly against things too horrible to comprehend. And what happens if the war comes to the protagonist's comfortable little world? Will their spouse be among the soldiers tasked to fight the enemy back, or will the two be separated, and on different battlefields? What kind of strength, if any, will the protagonist find within themself? Is there truly a need for a housewife when technology automates all of the daily domestic chores. Maybe this story takes place just at the moment of transition, as the protagonist's family gets a robotic house servant. Does the protagonist begin to feel obsolete? Or maybe they begin to sympathize with the robots, feeling that they are unfairly used as a source of labor. Are these robots sapient, and if so how do they react to their subservience? The possibility of the protagonist being a fully cybernetic housewife. Then how do they feel about the family they serve? Is the protagonist, perhaps, jealous? Is it possible for a robot, even one with true artificial intelligence, to feel love? But now it's time to figure out what a fantasy housewife would be like. The protagonist could totally have a job. Like, town blacksmith or something. As for the actual plot, make the protagonist's spouse a wandering adventurer. So the story could least starts with the protagonist at home, maybe with the children, and their spouse away doing adventuring things. Will said spouse make it back safely? Or will something happen to them while away, and will the protagonist decide to go adventuring themself to save their beloved? But the story doesn't have to be that adventurous. It could just focus on episodes in the daily domestic life of the spouse of an adventurer, waiting for their love to return. And then, at the very end, the protagonist sees a figure approaching down the road. So, this story follows the trials and tribulations of an ordinary steampunky family, whether in the colonies or the home countries. Filthy working conditions, a little bit of poverty, having to deal with the superior attitudes of the upper classes, that kind of thing. So give the protagonist the chance to be part of a revolution. Shaking up the social order. Equality for all. Steam-powered communism. The protagonist is the spouse of a secret agent, or a special forces soldier or something. An occupation that is both secretive and dangerous. So the protagonist has to deal with the tension that causes in their marriage. Or maybe something happens to the spouse and the protagonist is called in to do something. What if the protagonist and their spouse live a perfectly normal life, but then the protagonist gets contacted by some mysterious organization because of some obscure hobby or interest they have that makes them suited for this special task that needs done. And there's so many options for how that plays into the relationship with their spouse. So the protagonist is an ordinary housewife who is completely unaware of the horror that is about to befall them. They're just going about their life and then something happens. Maybe a serial killer sets their eye on the protagonists' perfect little life. Maybe the protagonist's family is moving into a house that has a less-than happy past. Or perhaps the protagonist's family somehow comes in contact with something other. Something that Should Not Be. The romantic life of the dear protagonist. A plot revolving around the protagonist being tempted away from their spouse. Or the story could just be about how much the protagonist and their spouse love each other. Or the story can just be about a person looking for love. It's kinda weird for there to be marriage involved in high school, so that completely and have the story be about like a sales clerk who is a high school student. Or maybe the protagonist could be a teacher and we can see the drama unfold through that perspective. For cyberpunk just throw out the magical stuff. Make the protagonist a heavily-augmented cyborg. And their magical girl transformation could be their augmentations revealing themselves. Arm blades and mirrorshades unsheathing themselves and the like. And this magical girl could be in the employ of one of the megacorps, or be the creation of a rogue cybernetics surgeon as a tool of vengeance. Or maybe the protagonist did all of this modification to themself, for whatever reason. And the protagonist must try to find their humanity among the cables and chrome of their augmentations. Or keep the straight-up magic and have the protagonist get their abilities through the magic of dial-up. Okay, so for space opera we could have these magical girls getting their powers from strange alien artifacts. Or the magical girls could be directly modified by the aliens themselves. But do these alien manipulators tell those they've modified what their goals are? Or do these aliens just modify people and let them go? Are they just experimenting, or do they have a more sinister agenda? This could lead to competing groups of magical girls coming into conflict over what they think their alien creators want and whether they want to go along with it. Militarized magical girls. Well, if it's science fiction, the magical part's up for debate, but sufficiently advanced technology and all that. A corps of magical girls being deployed to support conventional units on alien battlefields. Magical girls aren't something that's normally associated with traditional fantasy, especially low fantasy. But the modern world is pretty low fantasy. So how about some kind of urban fantasy. Magical girls patrolling the streets of cities, keeping people safe from vampires and werewolves or something. Whatever magical girls fight. Or the story could have magical girls in a more traditional fantasy world. So the only magic-users in the world are magical girls, and no one really understands how their powers work. So introduce magical girls into a genre that typically has a lot of magic flying around. Regular magic-users, bizarre fantasy races, high and mighty gods, that kind of thing. So magical girls interacting with all the other kinds of magic in this fantasy world, but would they replace traditional magic-users, or be a subset of them, like druids? And magical girls could be clerics of the goddess of love. That opens up magical girls being the chosen of other gods. Magical girls of warfare? All this bizarre technology flying around, coupled with this horrible oppression. So the magical girls here are this cabal of inventors who have created this magical girl tech to effectively combat the machinery of oppression and bring equality for the masses. STEAM-POWERED COMMUNIST MAGICAL GIRLS. And maybe the posh fucks get their own corps of magical girls to try and uphold the status quo. Magical girl druids? Using their magical transforming powers to defend nature from the ravaging Orcish empire? Well a magical girl protagonist presupposes the existence of magic. So we're adding that to this thriller story and you can deal with it. This is still going to be a grittier, more realistic take on magical girls. See, there's a whole government regulation thing going on. So maybe the protagonist could be a magical girl secret agent doing the government's dirty work, such as dealing with unlicensed magical girls. I mean, people with all those powers can't just be let to roam free. It's a threat to national stability. Or, since magical girls' powers aren't that noticeable until they transform, they could be used to infiltrate places as normal people and then break out the powers when they're needed. A spy thriller with magical girls. Throwing magical girls into horror could be quite fun. The horror elements could be a twist in the traditional magical girl narrative. What is the protagonist really fighting, where are their powers really coming from, that sort of thing. A twist that inverts everything the protagonist thought they knew up until that point. Or the horror could be evident from the start. The protagonist has no idea how they got their bizarre powers, and maybe they aren't even fully in control of them. The only thing the protagonist knows about what they're fighting is that the monsters are terrifying. So the magical girl protagonist has all these fantastical powers, but there's always this tension about whether they can fully trust them. But what if the protagonist's magical girl powers come from their own love, and what if the love interest decides that they don't feel the same way about the protagonist? What happens to their powers? Will they give in and join the forces of evil they are supposed to be combating, or will they try to regain their lost love, and also their powers? A magical girl naturally fits into a romance story, for are magical girls not champions of love. A story about a magical girl protagonist having to juggle their affection for someone with their magical girl duties. A story about someone juggling high school drama with magical girl powers and needing to deal with the occasional monster attack. The magical girl protagonist could be one of the teachers in the school. So this story is to have the happiest of endings. Perfectly fine as long as the conflicts of the story are resolved well. It's no good if something happens without foreshadowing that just gets rid of all the tension in the story. So, the protagonist and the person they love live out the rest of their days in happiness. Maybe they have a few more adventures along the way. A happy ending it is. The protagonist achieves whatever it is they set out to do, preferably after at least a little bit of a struggle and some personal growth. But just so everything isn't all sunshine and rainbows, the protagonist and the love interest don't get together at the end. Well, maybe the story has no love interest. Or maybe the protagonist and the love interest decide that they're not right for each other and decide to go their separate ways. But there is always the possibility that the protagonist and love interest separate on less than amicable terms. So martyrdom it is. Perfectly acceptable as long as there isn't any inconsistencies in tone. Even then, this could be considered a happy ending, if the goal is worthy enough. And especially if the protagonist makes a conscious choice to sacrifice themself. Or the story could tread a darker path if it is revealed that the protagonist's sacrifice is in vain. The protagonist doesn't actually have to die. They could just sacrifice their reputation. Something of a bittersweet ending. The protagonist loses their beloved, but finds the strength to press on. Admirable. Of course, the actual killing of the love interest is not to be taken lightly, not to be done for pure shock value. And it must have an effect on the protagonist, even though the protagonist grows to cope. Perhaps the death of the love interest is the event that causes the protagonist to grow into the person they need to be to complete their quest. So tragedy it is. With the loss of their love any subsequent victories the protagonist achieves feels hollow. If the love interest's death occurs at the hands of the antagonist then the protagonist will find themself driven only by vengeance. Even if the protagonist stands victorious at the end of it all they will look upon their deeds and realize that their accomplishments are all for naught without their love by their side. For added tragedy, the death of the love interest could convince the protagonist that it would be pointless to continue, causing the protagonist to give up and return to their normal life. The worst ending it is. The protagonist's struggle has been in vain, all they've accomplished is rendered void, and their memory will most likely be forgotten. But in order to pull this off well the protagonist's death can't just come out of the blue. That renders the whole story pointless and I just won't stand for that. The protagonist's death must come as a result of some important choice they make. Even if that choice does not seem important at the time. Or, perhaps the protagonist's death inspires some other, more hopeful, soul into taking up arms to fight for the same goal. So did you know you can cook corn on the cob by just microwaving it? Don't even need to bother shucking it first, just stick that sucker in the microwave for a few minutes and it's good to go.
